Problem Statement : AtliQ Grands (Imaginary) owns multiple five-star hotels across India. They have been in the hospitality industry for the past 20 years. Due to strategic moves from other competitors and ineffective decision-making in management, AtliQ Grands are losing its market share and revenue in the luxury/business hotels category. As a strategic move, the managing director of AtliQ Grands wanted to incorporate “Business and Data Intelligence” to regain their market share and revenue. However, they do not have an in-house data analytics team to provide them with these insights.

Task:  Create a AtliQ Hospitatlity Domain Dashboard

Creating the metrics according to the metric list :
Basic Metrics:
	1. Created a Basic Metrics Dashboard which consists of Total Revenue Generated by the Atliq Grands, also shows the Occupancy % (Total Rooms Occupied*100/Total 	Rooms Available) with Average Rating (Average of all the given ratings from the data) with a metric Visual.
	2. Created all Filters by City, Room, Platforms, Month, Week on the left hand side also with 3  Bar Charts which shows Revenue, Occupancy %, Average Rating by Cities.
	3. We also have an Area Chart which shows Average Rating and Occupancy % by Weekday and month. Also with a Card Visual shows Revenue by weekdays and 			weekends.
	4. Aslo created 2 Dinut Charts shows Booking % and Occupancy % by Day Type and on the a Column chart shows Booking % by different Platforms.

Other Metrics:
	Note: In any Hospitality or Hotel Industries the Weekends are Fridays and Saturdays 
	
  1. Here there is a Table data which shows Property ID, Name, City, Avearge Rating, Revenue, Occupancy %, and Cancellation %.
	2. Next to the table there is a Bar Chart which shows Booking % by Room Class. Below the same there is a Revenue by Property Name Column Chart. 
	
Key Overall Metrics:
	1. Here you have AtliQ Hospitality Dashboard where again there is Filters to switch between cities and room types. Also with Month and Week Selection.
	2. Below the Filters you have all the key metrics such as Total Revenue, RevPAR, DSRN, Occupancy %, ADR, Realization % and below them there is a Week On Week % change 	indicators.
	3. There is also a Line Column Chart which Shows Realisation % and ADR and on the Right hand side we have % Revenue by different category as a Donut Chart.
	4. On this side we have a Line Chart which shows RevPAR, ADR, Occupancy % by all weeks. Below this chart you have a table which shows all the metrics and other related 	informations.
